# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  [https://github.com/ThomasWotsits/CS50/blob/main/project/project-video.gif]
#### Description:
Healthify is a health website where you can use calculators to check how many calories and water you need. The main calculator is the calorie calculator which uses two different equations to determine your daily calorie intake depending on factors such as gender, weight, height and age. The two equation I included on the website are two of the most commonly used and have been checked for inaccuracies. I believe this give the user the best answer or result when i comes to the trying to figure out a daily calorie goal to help them either loose or gain muscle on their fitness journey. There is a page where you can check the nutritional values in food such as knowing how many calories are in milk and the nutritional breakdown such as the amount of proteins, carbohydrates and fats that are in the food. This feature can be very helpful when on certain diets like the meat only diet. When sticking to a diet like the meat only diet it can help to see the nutritional values of the food you want to eat so that you can stay healthy during the diet. You can also view recipes and submit your own. This is a useful feature to search for recipes to cook for any meal. Allowing users to share there recipes so that people can find something for every meal. The use of the calories and nutritional data like proteins, carbs and fats per portion can help narrow down a recipe to choose. This can also be helpful for planning out what foods to eat to make sure that the user is not eating too many or too little calories compared top the calorie goal that the calculated using one of the two calculators include in the calorie calculator portion of the website.  Another calculator that is included on the website is the daily water intake calculator which can calculate the amount of water the user needs in a day. The water calculator will give the user a min and max amount of water to drink in a day depending on the information they give. The user needs to give the following information to get a result: weight and the amount of hours they do a physical activity for. I built all these pages to help users when it comes to health and nutrition as all the tools are in the same place as when looking on the internet for help and resources they are spread over multiple web pages and sometimes it can be hard to find some information due to the amount of influence over the site as this gains more attention for them but it leaves the user confused. My website will stop that by giving the user only facts about the information they need to make progress on there health and fitness journey which nutrition is such and important part of. Everyone in the world should be healthy and this too can help make a lot easier for the world.
